Since you want to die, I can't save you, so I'll help you.
This is the last time I will take you to the dinner party. Thank you
Why don't you listen to advice? I'm pissed off.
The Last Time
Pardon me?
I said this is the last time I'll text you
You are me
The mysterious person who has been in touch with you for a short time
I've always known who you are
What are you saying?
I don't understand hum
Don't believe it?
You have a mole on your chest.
A red birthmark on his waist
And your thighs, stop talking
How did you find out?
That was the day I got fired.
I just wanted to try
I didn't expect our teacher Feng to be so open
Give what you want
I'm not that kind of person
I'm just a little depressed
I want to release it
I have seen the other side of you
Don't hit that
Will you dislike me?
Yes.
Love you more
Really? Then I'll be yours from now on.
Okay, then I'm back from the party this time
You have to compensate me well.
You little guy